* Write a Conference Paper
  * Related to vision and olfaction fused odor source localization
  * Similar to the last chapter in your thesis
* [ ] Use a IEEE Conference Template to write a conference paper first, using the content in your thesis.
  * [ ] Introduction: talk about OSL highlight our contribution: **vision and olfaction fusion using LLM**.
  * [ ] Related works: talk about traditional OSL, Learning-based OSL, LLM-based Agent
  * [ ] Methodology: draw a framework diagram (take a look for Khan paper) to explain the whole idea.
  * [ ] Experiment: Experiment setup, Experiment Results, etc.
* [ ] Find IEEE Robotic Conference (US Only)
  * [ ] IEEE IROS
  * [ ] IEEE ICRA
  * [ ] IEEE ICMLA
  * [ ] IEEE SoutheastCon, IRC,
     
 * Revise 0909
  * Punchline: Vision Olfaction Integration 
  * Integration of vision and olfaction to make robot decision to improve robotic osl
  * Traditional robotic osl is olfaction only. You should talk about why we want to integrate vision and olfaction? human behaviors: vision + olfaction.
  * **Abstract**: This paper presents an intelligent agent that integrates vision and olfatcion sensing to guide a mobile robot in finding an hidden odor source location. To ahieve this, we propose ... ....
  * **Introduction**:
   * One figure to explain the paper. The figure is at top position. Why you have boundaries for every figure (double check)?
   * three contribution lists (highlight the punchline): 1st -> vision + olfatcion; 2nd -> talk about the unique of how you use LLM than others; 3rd -> implemenation in real-world settings.
 * **Related works**: make it longer: traditional OSL (olfaction only) + Learning-based OSL (DQN, DL) + Vision/olfaction integration methods
 * **Methodology**:
  * edit figure 2. Remove yes/no block. For each sub-block, write a sub-section to explain it.
  * For the Multi-modal LLM block, use a flow chart (with sample input image).
  * Discuss vision branch. Provide sample input images, show sample reasoning outputs.  

* Add inference time in paper.
